Besides, the pig's mouth is dry
You dare to hit me
Qian Shuai, do you think I'm still the Yang Bingbing I used to be?
I tell you
With my ability
My sister used it all night and made Fancy want to die for me
Intercede with me
To offend me is to offend Fancy
You don't know what the end of offending Fancy is, right?
My relationship with you for so long
It can't be worth your one-night stand with him, right?
You shameless and shameless woman
Thank you for talking
If it weren't for you, how could I know Fancy?
So your kindness on the Internet
I advise you to be realistic
Be an honest dog
Help me deal with Zhang Cheng's 13 years with Fancy
Otherwise you can't even keep your dog head
Finally
See how I ruin your reputation today